I
Spencer do you hear what I hear
No
Said this
I think
It's the beginning of spring, but I think I hear sleigh bells and the pitter-patter of reindeer
Yes, slow down reindeer Santa Claus. I I just came up through the chimney because I heard you Jesus Christ
What the shit? I'm supposed to go down that I'm behind you. I can see damn it
I could say the same thing to you. What the fuck are you doing on my river?
Oh, it's almost April. Are you Jeffy Davis? I
Jeff be Davis but close enough
Well, you're on my nice list
Plus one who's is that Spencer Spencer L. Clinton?
Yeah, he can be your plus one because why
Can I can I get out front of this?
Well, that would embarrass me. Well, look, let me take it at least across the threshold. Okay, so I don't look like an invalid
All right, I looks Santa Claus. I enjoyed your choo-choo and your leg goes so you
I'll tell you what though and you can you can the after I initiate it you can come in anytime you want I
Have come back around to my nicest boys with me undies
Wait, are you just here doing a cheesy podcast advert? It's Harmontown's first historic and I believe the podcast industry's first live
Pre-roll ad read some people said this is a bad idea. No, I by the way, this wasn't the client's idea
But it was my idea as an entertainer
Well, it'd be cool. Okay. Well, look, look, it's cold out. It's April. It's still chilly
Christmas, but since I'm up here without any underwear on oh
Sweater alert. I'm naked. I'm a child
What?
What do you got for me, Santa? Oh?
well
Jeffy just read the copy I've got me undies talk about why they're the best underwear they're three times softer than cotton
They use a space age sustainable fabrics. Excuse me. What and feel free to improvise
Santa I
Hope you're going to tell me that me and these has adventurous prints and designs and
they're all limited edition and
New patterns are released every few weeks on a rolling basis. Also
After you say yes or no to that. Tell me what rolling basis means
Rolling bases are the four bases of comfort
first base
Micromodal fabric
providing sustainable
Comfort second base second base is the patterns and designs that me undies come in third base third base is a
Satisfaction guarantee you could slide to ho-ho-ho
For my listeners for any time
For me undies has a great offer for my listeners for any first-time purchasers when you purchase any me undies
You get 20% off and free shipping straight from Santa himself me undies is so sure that you're gonna love their underwear
They'll offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee if you don't love them. You get a full
God-damned refund go to me undies.com slash Harmontown. That's me undies.com slash
Harmon
Ha
Har
Santa Santa you you you're overthinking it
You had a good one. You're right. All you have to do is just go on dash or on on on on Rudolph
You can just go away. All right, or so or Santa just read the call to action on this copy
Go to what?
Action Santa Claus. He already did. I did. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm drunk. I'm four and I'm naked. I'm sober. Yeah, I'm sober
Yeah, it's April and Santa's here. He's sober. Shouldn't you be making toys instead of peddling children underwear in the middle of the night?
All right, let's start the show. Hey everybody welcome to Uptown Burbank
Harmontown is now in the session
And Zack you got a beat for me. No, what the fuck is that?
I just a zackist a zackist
Now yeah
This is a good format. That was exhilarating. We do it cold open. It might not go ahead. Go ahead
No, I will have different cold open. Sometimes we'll just see plot threats, but we'll have them
I think that what we just did was
advertising history. Oh
By the way, I'm Jeff Davis your Comptroller. We're in Burbank Harmontown is now in session. Let's welcome Spencer Crittenden your game master
You might recognize him from the recent Santa Claus me and he's that
Also the star of Santa Claus and playing the role of Santa L. Claus
The mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon
Thank you. See it's already a better format because it didn't make I know and I knew it was never
It was never supposed to make sense what we were doing because we're performing for nobody
My thought was just do it, but make a little I like making a little tweak like that
We can do a cold open. I can already be sitting up here and then and then and then the music can play
It's a cold open. It feels professional and it's not really professional
With a capital P
If Harmontown can
Guarantee one thing is professionalism of our pre-roll
But you know, I also think it would be funny. Remember when we were remember on Oscar night and we were like I
Was like I got really excited for a second because
We're clearly the Oscars weren't even over much less had we seen them much less had we planned then I riffed the dumb
Sarcastic thing of like yeah, we've been rehearsing the show all month, but like we should just we should force ourselves
Before each show we should decide
Or we could do it on stage, but there should always be a fake
Like a there's it has to be a fake segment. There has to be a sketch. Yeah, all right. No, maybe not an opening
But we'll just get in that or like SNL
We have to come out and do our our Sarah Huckabee Sanders
Yeah, it's like it's coming. It's gonna it's happening tonight and we we refer to it or whatever. I don't know are you
Are you suggesting we like just like think about the show at all?
Just a little bit just that much that just enough to make it like willfully shittier
Which would make it better because it would be structurally no idea like like we'd enjoy that they'd enjoy that
Yeah, no, I think they'd enjoy more effort on our part
Yeah, especially the people that paid for it
No, I'm excited
We got here an hour early to talk about business affairs right and so we were here early and
We were kind of already warmed up. Yeah as opposed to just rolling in right at eight o'clock. Yeah
Yeah, your voice is warmed up. Nothing like talking about the podcast business to bring the spirit from your solar plexus up in dear joy chakra
Because we all do this to have a good time, but that that's actually true. I
Had an epiphany in therapy
And my therapist gave me a fist bump which she she doesn't usually
You know touch me and stuff and she she also kicked my foot
Like like as she was getting up to schedule next week's appointment. She like kicked my foot like it's you
She called me. She said I was transcend
trans
Transforming no
So I'm just trying to I've I've I've trans I'm transcending my
Roll out my native
Yeah, fuck it you transcended your native what I don't know the thing that makes me naturally an asshole
Tell me or tell me more about your epiphany then well, it doesn't yeah
I mean whatever she that that was just her report card. I and I don't I don't that's not that's not why I do therapy
I don't do it to win. I would say but I won if my lesbian therapist reached across the table and fist bump me and then give me a
Little footsie kick. I would say that's that's certainly transformational
Right, you have graduated and she's a married lesbian by the way for those who don't want Jesus Christ
No
Dear heaven
Boy, damn was about to talk about a spiritual epiphany
Rob
I'm in the house until it said a truck
Yes, Sarah needs you tonight
Hey
Welcome
to me
To you
Oh, you made a pretty brave entrance
Steve said hey, you just walk up on stage. Well that people love that and
Not it didn't go wrong at any point. It's it's it was it was just funny to watch you charge into the Lake, Michigan
on a banana leaf
And like it could be a boogie board. It's probably not gonna be a boogie board
It's charged into it
Well, I'm what did I interrupt spiritual journey you you've you've got something you got something he was transcending something
Well, we open the show with a something I just came up with in the moment
Oh, let's hear it. I thought I said let's do let's open the show with the with the ad
And we'll do a me undies ad. Well, we'll still they'll still get there much
No, no, no, they got their ad if what we did in the beginning was that's not good enough for me on these
Then my me indies can go fuck themselves. Well, for all I'm wearing them right now
They might have paid for a middle of the podcast ad we don't all I'm saying is they're still gonna get whatever they paid
I was at the march yesterday for our lives for the kids that don't want to get shot to death in schools
And I I went through my me and these drawer and I was like, what's the right me and these underwear to wear at a march
For kids that don't want to get shot to death at school
And I had them it's the ones with little peace signs, you know that the much loved ones were those cone
I had my where's the peace sign
The peace fingers, you know, where's the peace fingers? It's all over. There's a bunch of little tiny peace signs. It's not there
I might I might still be wearing
Don't
Don't yeah, don't do it. I might still be wearing. He's still where the ladies gentlemen wake up in a ditch
I
woke up with a taste of
Probably no gun control laws in my mouth
Because nothing matters. Well, yeah, I wore my actual gun control me and these they had like guns with X's on them for real
Yeah, no, so that's probably why it didn't work as you weren't wearing the right underwear
Don't put what was your ad at the beginning of the show. It was a great Andy's ad. Yeah, I did I did like a
Do well, why don't we just we'll run through it? Let's just start it over
Dan Spencer, how about this we redo it? But now Rob is in the scene. Okay, he gets to interact that way. It'll be way better
But Rob, you don't have that sounded sarcastic. No, it didn't
All right, I mean if you want to do the like you hey, I don't have the switch
I wasn't talking to you. Well, you gestured to me. You look that you did a little bit
Good night Spencer
Ho ho ho
Whoa
Donner hold on there on the left there Jetson go
slower on this
Now melting rooftop. Oh, I guess it's a little easier to land on it now that it's April
It's a living
The chipmunks are out
And
I'm unpacking my bag of things to give to everybody
I don't know who the fuck you are get the fuck of my roof. I got a gun over here. I got an AR 15
me undies
blind him
The the underwear like bats and they like swarming huh try surrounding yourself in a variety of patterns
But
You'll have to be undies blocked all the bullets
It must be the micro modell fiber
Up into the sky
Me undies and that's harm and chan.com slash me undies. You see how Rob being in the scene just instantly plused it
Again sarcasm. No, that was honesty. That was proving that my past sarcasm was indeed honesty. I
Think it's this that's making it feel sarcastic. It certainly makes me hard to read
Yeah, yeah, put your hands somewhere else. No
Spencer always listening he's answering answering a call from like the 1970s talk to me. Hello 1970s
This is a McGillicuddy. I'm Mrs. McGillicuddy. Oh
Oh, oh, by the way, I think you have to tell the audience. There's no there's no guests tonight and there's nothing. There's nothing. There's no video. You would be wrong
And I don't think I have anything
Isn't Rob Schrab a guest enough? No, of course. He is Rob Schrab is guest enough. He's a regular
Dr. Guest enough after guest enough
Welcome to another edition of Harmontown. I'm your host Dr. Guest enough tonight
We're gonna be watching Godzilla versus Mothra and we'll be learning how to make Jell-O ice cubes
Now here's a commercial for Kmart your saving place
Ma'am, do you know why I pulled you over? No, I don't offer sir
It's because you didn't get these savings at Kmart. Oh shirt ripped open. Look at the size of those big savings
Oh this week at Kmart 20% off all brands and competing brands
Total of 40% off of each brand
So brands are an additional 5% out. I'm so it's a cumulative effect
So if you get three sub brands, you'll have a total of 15% off brand
Related numbers. I have a coupon for motor voting put it
You put it in your life put it in Kmart
Oh no, it's me and these okay. All right, so that's how that would have gone right
All right, well the epiphany that I had in therapy was that uh, I
You're gay
There's uh
Nothing wrong with that every everybody
In the world no matter how far away they live from anyone else like
we're all like
You know, we're all in a crowded warehouse. You can't you can't move and not touching everybody
It's like if you go to
Anything where there's a bunch of people like a crowded warehouse, right? Like a crowded warehouse
I'm really undercutting my epiphany. It doesn't sound that good anymore. I'm just I'm totally listening
but but but I I I
Have been making mistake of because if you if you if you pursue
What you want like if you follow your goal like a like like whatever that goal is
But it can't be too complicated
It can't be for instance
I got to get out of the warehouse
Because then you're just gonna get irritated because all you can really do in the in the foreseeable future is like move through a bunch of
People but your goal might be like I want to get to the west side of the warehouse. I've never been over there
And and but ultimately the whatever the goal is it all falls under the giant heading of I
Want to be happy
So therefore
And then you have these good goals
So the thing has to be not about the people that you're like
The then there's all this stuff. So you have to whenever you move through a crowd you you're constantly having to go
Excuse me. Sorry. No, that's okay. That's all right
There's people it's just a mess, you know, people are a mess like we we we we
we just
Everyone's at cross purposes and you're trying to be polite and graceful and you don't want to be a part of the problem
And all of that stuff's happening and it's causing you like a lot of anxiety
So like my epiphany was that I I have been
Because of maybe like early on I was like, oh, wow, it's so this this is the worst part, right?
It's the part where you have to go like this. So what what can I do about that part?
Which made me feel like I was being in the moment and being
Like aware
because if
people who think about their goals are
Heartless people because then they walk through everybody because they're going that way
But you don't have to choose between those two things like I was but the people who when we shrink back like that
And we go, oh, I need my goal is I want to be the best person in the world
I want to be I want to I want to not step on any toes and or
If someone steps on my fucking toe this time, you know, like that we get into those moods like I'm just gonna police my fucking like
You're drawn back into this like
Thing and then like you could do a lot of good that way you could even be like
You could become a kind of art installation because you could be like
Here's what I'm gonna do because of the situation like I'm gonna stick my thumb in my mouth and like blow on it and like I
like like but it
This is the part where I can't bring it home, but I'm just saying like now I understand like
The people that I like are the people that
They don't they don't shrink back that far to the point where they're just doing what everyone's doing
Which is going I hope nobody hates me because if we all do that
Well, maybe arguably that would be utopia, but like I
Think we like I
Want to like follow this meandering
Dot of I want to be happy and get better
Having accepted that any path takes you across everybody. I want to get better at saying excuse me and I'm sorry and
You're forgiven and oh no problem and excuse me. No, I didn't see are you saying like it's the
It's the like when you're when you're trying to navigate through that crowd
And you're and you're trying really hard not to bump into anybody not to interact and not to step on anybody's toes
But also you don't want to touch sweaty people or anything like that. That's what's making you
Not happy or miserable and you should just learn to kind of like be okay
Bumping into being touched or or like oh hey, how you doing or being is that what you're saying or is enjoying?
Well, I'm using as a model and saying like you know first of all no wrong answers except for each individual
So let's say that you don't like the let's say that that's like you're so there's some people that go to a concert because they genuinely
Want to like fucking like?
Rub up against people or be even be punched by them or risk that factor like there's there's just and then there's
Serial predators who are flocked to the situations of a crowd because they can grope you and pretend
They're not it's not their fault or like like there's there's no value to this situation
Like there's no good and evil observable. You just zoom in on the individual
Are you within this writhing sea of people that you can't escape?
Are you going to define your entire life by the moment-to-moment like oh?
That guy wouldn't have done that if you had any respect for me
And I stole I just hurt that person more than I should have and I said literally out of the others
It's like you're talking emotional and physical like like like like like emotional interactions or simply physical interactions
I'm talking about I'm talking about down in the
Encounter-to-encounter level of your right human existence
And then not pulling back to the size of a planet so that you become a nihilist and go sheeps to the slaughter
Give me more bacon and forensic file like I'm saying like if you pull back to a resolution
That's like one person's anxiety about every encounter they have to have as they move through life
As one corpuscle in a stream of them or one cockroach in a nest of them or one of like like like pick
Whatever beautiful or a disgusting thing you want to say we're part of a biomass
So if you pull back a couple of those human units not a thousand not a million
but just like ten or something like
the amount of energy it takes to decide that you want to leave a party because
you
Don't like it like
Well in order to do that, I'd have to like I might be so intent on leaving this party that I'm gonna end up hurting
like you
You could just charge out you could charge out the door metaphorically you could like knock over coffee tables not to mention
step on someone's toe without apologizing and or and then
Like even God imagine like the Irish goodbye factor of like I didn't even the Susan was upstairs taking a shit when I left
And I don't know yeah, you said bye to me and not taking a be lying out the door is
Yeah, like I've always considered it. It's a dichotomy between
there's a binary choice between total self-interest and
Altruism, but it was that was not true
it was a binary choice between living a life of total self-paralyzing anxiety and
Knowing who the fuck I am right
Like because this is easy
Being anxious going everybody hates me. Everybody loves me. I hope I don't do that
Again, it's like it's like I'm like that's my excuse to like do nothing and go nowhere
So have you put that into play like no
I
Just thought of it like Friday
But well, how about us? Can you put that into play? Can you like activate that part of you?
Well, I opened the show with a Christmas ad from Yundee's fucking did I had a
Epiphany with my therapist this week. You found out she was my therapist. No, and then I paid
on you. It's a different therapist
Uh
You're spying on Rob through your
You paid a therapist like somehow like you did like a fucking inception thing or no not inception
Sir, that goes against the game Michael Douglas thing that led them to their
That goes against my Hippocratic Earth
Everybody has a price. Yeah, and you've paid so much that she's just now gathering shit on a draw
Yeah, or or honestly if they're a therapist and they said like don't you think this is kind of unhealthy?
You all you have to do is say or is it so healthy?
Dot dot dot and then they'd be like
Me there. I
Required to consider that possibility. I'm a therapist. What was your epiphany Schrab? Well
I think it's similar to what you're saying if I'm hearing you right Dan. It's like because I was like I've been
Telling her about like what I'm going through like creatively and how I'm just like I wake up every morning going
It's over with and I'm tired and I'm just sad and I just I don't have the juice anymore
And it's not fun and and she says oh
It's like if I'm alone and I'd Kate's been out of town all week
So I've been really kind of phone just like phoning in my life and sleeping all day and eating like shit
And I just have like the voices in my head are just being very the critical mind
Yeah, the critical mind is like just like you know on overload and and so she she was like saying that
like
the critical mind is is
Well, it goes back to being like like the lizard brain in your head where it's like saying
Stay in your cave
Stay away from the unknown. Keep your belly full. Don't take any chances risk averse
Yeah, exactly. Don't do any of that because it's because it's edit and it makes you
To survive the biological Fed has set the interest rates higher, right, right to speak and
like add like
Like like that's all like our like ancient, you know primitive instincts already in our head then add on top of like trying to
Being socially domesticated and all that and voices of your parents and teachers capitalism. Yeah. Yeah, and so so
She was like she was like
She was like saying like could you befriend that voice in your head? You know, could you befriend it because
Really that friend that voice in your head is a friend is somebody who cares about you
That's only trying to protect you like when they say what it when it's like, don't don't dream too big
Don't dream too big or you're you know, like because why why is that voice telling you that because it doesn't want your heart to get broken
but in order to
Achieve what you really want to do. You have to risk right that and and and and so
you know if you could
Have a conversation with that voice in your head and say hey
Listen, thank you. I'm sorry. It was so angry about trying to push you away. I should embrace you
I know you're all I was just trying to help
Bruce Willis
Bruce Willis. Yeah, I know you're trying to look out for me
Yeah, but sometimes I got a run over the glass. Yeah, don't you ever think that Bruce Willis is your critical voice?
Maybe you should take seriously. Yeah
No, no, I should I should I mean if Bruce Willis was my critical voice
I would be like this whole towers gonna go down buddy. Yeah
What do you want me to do just sit here and watch it happen
No, I don't want you to I don't want you to sit there. I want you to what what do I do?
What I don't know. I'm asking me
hold tight
wait for the police
It's a Hudson Hawk trailer
Well, I thought I was trying to be poignant in that the the critical voice that doesn't it's not always the noid from
That that's the thing is like I think that's what we're afraid of of confronting is that like oh, yeah
But my critical voice is actually it's not
Ugly booger man from a car
Lot commercial or it's like I hate high prices or low prices or whatever that guy would hate
It's more like the little seeds. He probably hates high prices. Hey, I hate I love high prices
Oh, I love them or I am high
Well, a booger a booger man would probably hate low prices. I think I this is from if you haven't seen it watch the
Early Robert Zemeckis film starring Kurt Russell used cars
They do a commercial in it and the guy has to play high prices
Oh, yeah, does he play it? I
Think he's like I remember him is looking like a
Fruit of the loom guy
I can't I can't remember what the costume was we had like come out and then like they did like a squib effect like
Like like high prices fuck you and they like they blow them up with a shotgun or whatever
And it's all like squibs and blood and stuff and you know, it's like these guys are underdogs like they're
They're they're too effective
That's selling used cars. Yeah
They're too effective
So, yeah, so I mean putting it that way like befriending the critical mind and realizing that
It's it it's actually something that doesn't hate you and doesn't want you to fail
It's just trying to protect you and so if when that voice or that that attitude is in your head
She's a get into the habit of saying thank you I understand
Go fuck yourself
You know being being nice just like I understand trying to help me here
but this and
Usually I would like pay attention to you like not run out into traffic, you know not eat bad food or it's time to get out
Of bed or whatever, but this is a time where I need to risk
Being hurt. I think the pain is worth it. So I'm gonna need you to just
Trust me on this one and then and if in the voice, you know, we if you know it well enough will go, okay
I'm here if you need me, you know, just that that's beautiful. I love that and it really it started thinking of it that way it really started
kind of
Reprogramming here. I can think like that's a wonderful idea like like I used to draw a lot
But I don't draw anymore because the reason I don't draw is I think I'm mad at it now
Yeah, because something in your head saying, so why are you doing? Why are you doing this?
You know, you're just gonna draw the same stupid shit you always draw
But I need to befriend that voice and say well, let's just try
Yeah, let's let's let's what's the worst thing that could happen
The only way to get better at it is to keep practicing it
So why don't you be quiet for a bit or watch me or if I fail guess what you're right?
Yeah, but who cares the same or tell me how to make it better. Yeah, you know like say like if it's like
Oh, you're you're cross hatching is bad or you're just okay. Well, that's something I will concentrate on instead of just like going
It's over with don't even try because that's that's what what the lizard brain is trying to do
It's like yeah
Don't go into the dark forest
Well, a lot of times we get programmed to go like you got a you got a you got a punch that
No, you can't voice in the face and you're and it's like that actually could be the
That lizard like to the extent that it wants you
Mitigated ie like that's what a that's what a sheep dog does it's like kind of vaguely threatens the sheep because it loves them
Wants to keep them in a certain area. Yeah along a certain path and so
Getting mad at it actually is part of its function. Whereas if if you were a sheep and you wanted to
You know, maybe supersede a sheep dog's authority
because maybe you're a sheep that wants to herd to go in a different direction the
actual practical thing to do would be to not like
Tangle with the sheep dog
But to like go around behind it and bid a good day and well be nice to it. What you want me to go over here
Okay, it sounds like a good idea because you probably how long have you been a sheep dog?
Like like like it's kind of you kind of crazy because you look kind of like a sheep
Like your fur is like my friend, but they don't turn yours in the sweaters
How is that is that Jeremy over there? And you just kind of like you're not enemies with the critical voice the threshold guardians can be tamed by
Assimilation I think that there's like on a pseudo scientific level or whatever
I think that you're what you're talking about is the survival mechanism
associated with firefly which is associated with heightened state of emotion states of panic
Yeah, and I think that when you engage in an emotional angry traumatic way to those
Feelings on an emotional level like you would if someone is telling you your shit everything it gets you into a more emotional state
Which is more prone to that part of your brain whereas what you're describing is a very rational
It's the other part of your mind the societal kind of control part of your mind. That's that's not at all
It's divorced from that that lizard part and it sounds like you're intentionally not trying to
Channel those pathways that reinforce what what the negative stuff is saying and you're you're instead choosing pathways that take you away from that
So you're out when you say you're reprogramming. It's what you're doing
It sounds like is actively reprogramming the way you're thinking. Yeah, it's also a very subtle simple idea is that?
befriend
The part of you that argues with yourself because the thing that you think hates yourself when you get like a lot of people are going
Oh, I hate myself or whatever because the critical mind is like going through every little
Piece of your life every second of your life going you did that wrong fucked up. What a new you're gonna wear that
What's that on your face? It sounds like a fan. That sounds like a big fan. Yeah. Yeah, you've got like a reddit in your head
That is like saying everything you do is a comment section or whatever
But but yeah, but the the the reality is is those those voices and run reddit are your biggest fans
Otherwise, they wouldn't be paying attention to every second of your life
But the a lot of us, um, you know, well just speaking of me we were I mean, we're all we're all monkey dogs when we come out of our
Mothers and we're just eating food and rolling around and we wouldn't dress or bathe unless somebody went no stop it, you know, and so
You're you learn how to become a
Civilized human being by being told no stop it Robbie. No now stop it
No, do you have to do that? And it's like you hear that voice over and over and over again and that was
That's programmed into your head and still into adulthood. I hear my mom's voice going no
Oh, you're lazy stop doing and this was
This is just her way of saying I'm worried. Yeah, you're not hear that voice when you're
Doing something has nothing to do with the things that she was in charge of
Yeah, just keeping you from falling downstairs walking to the street touching hot stoves like it's not even that person anymore
And I'm not that that she was you only had that relationship with that stuff
But then it's called toxic shame when it's like misappropriated
But it's very much like like when lolly is barking at a skateboard that goes by I've learned to what is this thing?
Yeah, I learned that if I clap my hands
She'll like go like like she'll like flinch and she'll stop barking
And so like if I so now whenever she does anything bad like I'll clap my hands not even
Hard and I'll be on the other side of the room and she knows that that's
Time to stop, you know, so I'm her critical mind now every time
She thinks she's doing something that she's gonna be in her head thinking like and if she wanted to succeed as an animal
She would learn to befriend of that critical mind
Perhaps fetch its balls once in a while and then one fateful day eat its throat in its sleep
And go into wait, that's a girl. That's over the line to me
Killing me. Yeah, I'm gonna
So I'm killing me is over the line. Yeah, it's a
You're reacting like I like I said something bad about
Like I made a joke about hurting an animal
You're the oh, I'm I'm a I'm your friend. All right. All right. Okay. All right
Well, uh, the boot the the boot uh
Spencer
Hey
Do you do you ever hear the story of the Christmas without underwear?
Oh
No
There's an old story about it. What the fuck is happening to
Hello little children
There'll be no underwear for Christmas this year
Yes, I'm sorry to say
All the underwear is made out of the horrible shit cotton and not even close to micro modell
Oh, yeah, so
Uh, no Christmas this time. Oh, no, my balls are rubbing up against this not diamond shaped pouch. Oh, what?
I'm dead 500 years later
And that was a story about the Christmas with no underwear
Uh grandfather. Yes
What under garments could they have wand had well, they could have had
Beyondies
Neil Young is that you? Yeah
Is
But there's a buddhist
Parable, I don't know of what I speak it comes to me courtesy of my therapist
It's the the thing that you're we're talking about we're talking about befriending the critical mind
There's also like the you know, it's this there was this goddess
Uh named Mara. I think who at some point where the buddha was
Doing his thing on the tree which was like taking a shit ignoring everything
And then there was like temptations and things and there was a goddess named Mara that was particularly like kind of
You know tried to get in his head and um
The phrase I see you Mara like you don't have to be like go fuck yourself
Die by fire or whatever like you just like you actually acknowledge you feed the troll
Uh sometimes. Yeah, maybe all the time. I just got like yeah
I I I I my my my erstwhile
trainer Dave Kline said of
people who troll
like something I thought was kind of profound which was
Actually, even those people they're just trying to connect with you
Which is different from from giving them credit for doing anything
Smart or funny or cool. You can still like look down on them and go you're a dumb piece of shit
That's that's would that that is choosing this method to try in some ways to connect with me
Like like there's absolutely no like they might be lost to cynicism and like all this shit, but like
It you got to admit they're like still there's like that's their disease that they're going like I wish I had an effect on you
Yeah, just like kind of kind of uh uplifting
It it is it's interesting because whenever you hear that critical mind
Voice in your head in whatever form it is your first instinct is to go shut up. Leave me alone go away
And a way to deal with it and it never works. It always comes back
But a way to deal with it is to when it when it goes
You're a piece of shit. Why are you? Why aren't you working right now? If you would just like say
Okay, hold on. Why are you saying that to me? I work an awful lot, but why
Why right now any jobs you want me to have as many as it takes, you know
It's like like it's asking it what it wants. Yeah, what do you want? What would make you happy?
What would make you critical mind?
stop
Like saying that to me just to sexy me by the way instead of it's it's Maya not Mara Maya means illusion
Oh, okay. It's Maya. I hear you. That's amazing that it means illusion like the software
Yeah, like like the animation software the illusion software
It makes it make yeah, I make stuff that isn't real. Yeah, I guess sorry
That's not true. It wasn't a punch
I'm trying to I'm tabulating in my head. I'm like did my therapist fuck up that name or did I?
But I don't know why I would you said Mara and I I just shot a granted church because if anybody would know it in the
Building it would be her and she was like
Yeah, she shook you off like Johnny bench sure
Oh, you do
I see I see I see you illusion. Yeah, that actually makes it more profound instead of creating like just another like crazy lady character
Uh, yeah, that's interesting. Uh, yeah, wait church. You want to come up and talk about like photographing the the march, uh, uh
Bring up church
Chorts she's charts. If you're a starbucks person from columbia, she's charts
Because they don't know how to spell church
Hello, hello
with the with the the of course the
Terms of service agreement that all guests check which is that at any time you may say a word or syllable that makes me launch into a
sputtering
rant about how I'm not racist
But uh, we were yeah, we went down to the march and uh, I kind of I just I thought it was I
I I don't know. I don't know how to tee you up. I'm not a good tear
But uh, because I don't want to make you feel pretentious and say like church
Why don't you talk about how profound the imagery you captured was?
But it was like but but actually just like I thought it was cool you talking about how it was sort of like ducks in a barrel
Uh for photographers because of the simplicity of the theme you want to go from there?
Well, yeah, I mean what I noticed in what was making me so emotional
I mean aside from just what was actually happening, which is seeing so many kids and even really really little kids
marching and
angry and
thoughtfully
expressing that anger and having these brilliant signs that
I just I could I could not stop crying when you guys walked past me at a certain point
I stopped and just stood there and let the crowd kind of like move toward me and around me
Because that's the the best way to see everything because if you keep just marching with the crowd as a photographer
You're you're surrounded by the same 20 people as you move down the street
So for me, I I I stop at some point and that just seemed like the right place to stop but
All the other protests that I've photographed
If you looked at all those photos together would look like they could be any protests because you see
A lot of the same signs because we have so there's so much intersectionality with all of these issues
There's so many issues happening at the same time
And so you're seeing the same things all the time. There's always the the rainbow afro guy with the john 319
It's all the 360. I love john 319
Doesn't get enough play
For god also doesn't love the people
He all he loved them. He also didn't
Sorry, I was I was trying to interject very quickly
Can just you've been to a lot of these how big we was the big right? It was big. I haven't seen the final numbers
But the thing that takes them a few days to tabulate and kind of estimate the crowd size, but it seemed it seemed really big
There were over 800,000 in dc. That's the only number I know so far
but
because the point was that
This was the the only protests that for me in pictures. You know exactly what it is
And it's completely on one topic right there's nothing else being talked about and you can see that in just the images
And even if you like let's take partisan politics aside and people say that I hate the
The g.o.p. Or I'm a total liberal or like I'm anti or pro n.r.a
If you just look at the the children that were there
The expressions on their faces were different than other protests
They looked scared and pissed off and I like what if like I'm trying to picture myself if I were
Thirteen 14 16 18 I was still in school
What side would I fall on and how angry would I be in which direction?
I might have been
The pro second amendment guy. I might have been the
Fuck the second amendment guy. I don't know but watching kids
Look fucking miserable and looked really
There's a couple on church's instagram
There's that last one. There's no sign the girl might have just been tired
She might just be a kid that was tired of being in a march
But there's a picture of her looking right at camera and she just looks fucking sad
And I look at those photos and I just start crying
because
um
I put myself
in those little shoes
and
I don't give a fuck what you think about gun rights or gun legislation or whatever
There's a bunch of fucking kids that are afraid to go to school. I have a niece that's fucking eight and I've got
Friends that are like have children that are going to school and let's not make it about politics or make it about trump
Or make it about paul ryan. Who's a cunt?
Sorry, I meant to say cunt
What what's happening is like imagine being a kid going to the mall now going to a movie theater like it's fucking crazy
We shouldn't make celebrities out of emigrant solace for being the first cool chick to get up and say a bunch of awesome stuff
I think that's dangerous. I think like that puts her in a bad situation
But I think that you should go around and look at church's photos and look at the kids that were marching that day
um
They're scared. They're the friends are dying
They're scared. They really are and my nephews were going to march and then my sister texted me
On friday night and she said that my my nephews had kind of had a little bit of a panic attack about it
That they wanted so much to be a part of it, but that they were really scared to go to the march
And so she said, you know, you don't have to go
Um, let's write letters to our representatives. Why don't you why don't you call?
We'll call our representatives and you can get on the phone and you can leave a message
You can read your letter and leave a message
But like kids are genuinely panicked and that's kind of one of the things that seeing that
at the march
Looking into their faces
And seeing how seriously I mean I watched very young like four or five year old kids like
Who seem to very much understand what was going on and have really real feelings about it
So there's all these accusations floating around
like
Oh, they couldn't possibly understand and they're too young to get it and they're just parenting their parents views or they're being manipulated or whatever
But like, you know what go to one of these marches and look at them and say it to their face
Because they seem to understand. Yeah, that's the thing that I wanted to interject with was I'm sure there's
Plenty of cynical people who have plenty of like whatever you we've discussed this
comments on her photos and my
Photos of spencer holding a sign. There's there's a lot of hate
But here's the thing is like you look at the imagery like yeah
I don't even want to it's like we'll look at the relationship between the parents and the children and the imagery
Look at look at the mothers with the daughters on their shoulders
um
And go ahead and start from the point of assumption that the little girl doesn't have any fucking idea what a gun is
And understand how much more sad this becomes
Because it's a photograph of a relationship between
A mother and daughter, but they do the kids are now having to learn
Like the cold war where they had to do duck and cover drills because of um doomsday like nuclear warfare
They now have to go have quiet the quiet game the silent the silent game anybody anybody with that kind of critical voice of like of like
Like oh the kids that they don't know how could you make this their problem?
It's just like we've definitely got to the point where that that argument is so fucking dumb
Because that's exactly everyone's argument like and that was the really effective like kind of somber mood
I thought a lot of the signs and stuff was like the theme was
Whether it was a parent that made a sign for a kid or the kid that made a sign for themself like the overwhelming theme was like
I shouldn't have to be
Involved with us. I don't this shouldn't be it shouldn't have come to this
I shouldn't be a voice in this conversation. We should we should have all been on the same page about me a long time ago
I I think like yeah, etc. So there was one little girl in particular that make made me think that and I watched her for a while
I have a bunch of pictures of her and a little bit of a video that I posted of her with her little friend too
that one's crazy and
Her mother had a sign that just said save her and was pointing down because she knew her daughter would be at her feet most of the time
Which is what caught my eye and made me start watching this little girl
Then her and her friend were like watching these older kids standing on a barricade
And they were you know chanting like this is what democracy looks like and we call bs and all this
And at one point these two little girls and one this one girl just had such a look of concern like she was looking around like
Isn't this obvious? Yeah. Yeah, like look at all these people and they were chanting
Vote them out vote them out and she was staring at them and then at one point she just started
Vote them out. Yeah vote them out like she had like a realization of like yeah
That's what we do and yes vote them out. She was stomping her little feet
And I just burst into tears and she looks like one of those photos
I forget the photographer that took those great photos of the great depression of the little
Yeah, the kids the little girl covered and covered and like you know soots her dirt
And the scared look on her face and she looked
Absolutely concerned. Yeah, like like scared miserable and she's like this isn't a drill
This isn't some actual shit and if people want to say oh the parents were brainwashing them. Fuck you
Yeah, but also just imagine like you're five you play the silent game
It's been explained to you what it's about you're going to go and you're going to hide and you're going to stay quiet
For as long as the drill and then you're going to get a little treat if you stay quiet the whole time
And then going to the march and putting into context
What is actually like this is the silent this is what the silent game is about
This is what everybody's yelling about. Yeah, and everyone's holding signs of pictures of rifles
It's sign that say no more silence
Stop gun violence. Fuck silence start screaming this little girl stomping that video you took is is
We're sitting at the redwood. I was like we're just crying. It's fucking crazy
You guys seem like you need uh-oh
A safer place
M c gun control. Is that you it's me mc gun control
The tiny little trigger lock with a heart of millions zack put a beat on for mc gun control
Oh, yo, uh, yo, uh, yo
M c gun control. This is probably a pretty busy time of year for you. Oh, yeah
Everybody's getting me undies and guns for april christmas
So I got to go around to all the guns and make sure they have me a trigger lock. Yo
I'll I'll I'll start you off mc gun control
What side of gun control are you on?
Some people say you're in the pocket of an array lobbyists
Listen, listen. Yo, you're gonna listen to my heart. That can't be that can't be about that
That's how we got to where we're at. You understand mc gun control. It's not about
Agenda and propaganda
Okay, it's about straight to the issue. Is it not true that you received 375 thousand dollars that we got away last year?
Okay, look
You have to understand that that is
Is
Not what you're describing is it was already crossed off
My appearance writer
and
I should uh you
Is this live just answer the question uh, we were allowed to ask this question. Is it true that you will see
$75,000
Are you admitting that your parents writer is money from the nra? Sorry, well, I don't even not that I need to ask
But what that's a regular part of your parents writer is accepting money from the nra is what you just said
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, this is is clear
Yo from west coast to your ear gonna go to the north to the south
Through the spirit out the math gun control is an issue. Yo get your mama to shoot gotta be aware
Of gun control there. Yo, okay. Bye. So that's what you owe me $500,000
Oh
That was a bad gun control. He went up the chimney. That was uh, wow that
Jeff is did you see me making those throat-cutting gestures? Like I was like, did you how what are you doing?
You were like interrogating our rapper, but then
Holy fuck. Yeah, I you it you you were part of the problem
What me?
No, not you empty gun controls. Yeah. No, I didn't know I look when we booked him
He it's it said gun control issues. I like gun control like I don't I don't like like like it's an awareness of gun control
I think that you're kind of one of those liberal elites that thinks when you hear the name mc gun control
You think he wants to ban guns. Yeah, no, he wants to he's an anti-gun
He's he wants to open the debate about gun control, but it's very clear that he's in the pocket of the nra
Yeah, he wants to talk. I mean what trigger locks. What I mean, isn't it come on the people who act like this issue is complicated
I should have known I should have known but I just I never even I just wanted to get into the game and like
Help people, you know, I thought that was all fine
Really? I thought it was fine
I thought it was fine. I thought it was all right an argument could be made that mc gun control
If it's true that all he wants to do is is rap about gun control awareness
He just wants to talk it was to open up the issue that then whatever you come into the whatever you experienced
Once you're aware
Then we would hope I would think that the reason we want what we want is because more people want it so
so
Look, I was shocked about
To hear that he said he was paid by the
Well, he I was simply asking the question and I didn't get a good answer. I'll tell you I heard
He said that he had crossed it out
But at one point his parents had a writer where they requested money from the nra. I think
Three three hundred seventy five thousand dollars per gig. He was trying to argue the point that he was only allowed to talk about certain bullet points
Yeah, I can't even look
Yeah, the elephant man is back on display
Um, I'm sure this will make all the writers and the there are Mike in the chimney indie wire
Uh tomorrow look, I want to just
If I may speak since that seemed to be the attraction of the century
Um, if I may if I may I assume that my voice is something you'd want to hear am I
Correct in that can we go back to the question that I asked you just get a simple guess or no
okay
Did you or did you not receive money from the nra?
At any point in the last year. No
So you did not receive
Three hundred and seventy five thousand dollars from the gun lobby. Here's the thing
Okay
The foundation that pays me
Is an awareness raising organization they have that they
That money came from the nra. Yes, it did not go to guns
To us the nra is an awareness organization. That's why they're tax exempt. Are you just talking about the nra again?
Yeah, I look you can play gotcha games. Like if you say anything enough, it'll sound real, but like
I don't know that is it that is a fact the nra is tax exempt because they are raising awareness
Okay, I mean I don't do taxes. So like I'm not an accountant personally. I'm just a trigger guard
And I'm in favor of gun control. Um, and I'm a rapper. We have those are those are three things that
Are true
And then the thing that you said I got back on that like that's why I came back
I got I neutralized that I got that. Are you a rapper?
Uh, yo, yo, I'll yes or no, yo, I'll let uh
The rapping you heard
Why don't we we were gonna go to commercial but can we put a beat on just to find out whether or not you're actually a right?
No, no, no, I don't know that rap was weak. Yeah. Uh, it was weak. Oh shit. It's it's it's it's dj gunman. Yeah
Yo
Oh
Okay, we have we have to go to commercial. Yeah mesothelioma is a problem
And uh, go to mesothelioma book to get your mesothelioma book if you suffer or you or any member of your families
suffer from mesothelioma
Uh, that uh, we talked to our lawyers, uh
All right, we're back with don
We're back with don lemond. Uh, it's the second time you've you've jokingly cut to a commercial
But then the fact that you actually did a joke commercial like it would have been the perfect place that every commercial
CNN every commercial is mesothelioma can't all we do is mesothelioma commercials
No, that was hard biting commentary
Oh
We're back with that with the dj gun or mc gun control while y'all were on breaks sucking at
Kellogg's teat or whatever whoever pays them right around here. Believe me. They ain't no angels
Miss a life of ham. Whatever that disease is. Can you can you guard other things?
Yo
Other than triggers
Yo, i'm mc gun control not mc trigger guard
But but you are a trigger girl. I identify as a trigger guard. I can guard other things
I can guard whatever I want. Can you guard? Um, can you guard my my dog from
10 till 4 on thursday? Yeah, I've got some shit in
Yeah, see this is what i'm talking about. Yeah, that's exactly i'm glad you i'm glad you did that because that's exactly what i'm talking about
Yeah, no, no
I thought you wanted me to now things are gonna change things are gonna change and so i'm sorry things are gonna change
Hey, everything's gonna change. Okay, so keep laughing. You keep laughing, but things are gonna change and then you're gonna wonder what happened
Things are changing
Like what gun control for one thing you piece of shit. Whoa. Sorry. Hey name calling
Of gun control name calling. Yeah, all I know is y'all give me I got airtime and it's not really good
Y'all just raising awareness of gun control. You just keep saying guns control. You're not talking about anything. What about the issues?
What about the issues issues?
First of all guns
How's that for an issue?
140 million people worldwide every day
How does that sound what what are they what are they 40 million assault rifles?
30 000 of them with high capacity magazines
Um, these are weapons that
are top of the line
Like they are good at killing people. Are you for that? Is this an advertisement?
I'm raising awareness. Are you selling guns? It's a commercial. Yo
We have to cut the commercial. Okay. Here we go
Miso book.com
helps you
Get Miso Thileoma
Uh, get yourself some Miso Thileoma find the Miso Thileoma. That's right for you
Yeah, if you ask your doctor if you have Miso Thileoma
Miso
Miso Thileoma
That's hey. Oh, it's mr. Miso the Miso Thileoma gecko
You know hit from ads such as
You don't recognize the silicon tones of of of of of Mamma Thileoma
Here's silhouette on the box calling from calling from the Cuban Alps
It starts off as like a
Breaking news we're going to go back to the first thing we're talking about for 45 minutes
Because CNN doesn't know what breaking news is. Oh, yeah, there's an empty chair
We think Trump might have sat in it or we'll sit in it sometime
This will be eight hours of of a static image of video
A lot of sides. Oh shit. Fucking go home
My album
Drops. Yeah, do you want to do a plug before we go back to Miso Thileoma commercial?
Yeah, I got a mix tape coming up two mix tapes
one
Side each
Good for your mix tape. That's good because if it if it didn't have a like a second side it would be like
We actually we mentioned oh, we actually have enough time to play one of your tracks
Can we play your new hit off the off the a side? Well, you know how mix tapes work
You usually use in other people's work. Yes. Yeah, so I don't know if you can play that
Let's play a clip of your that's not what I call your a side
No, we have we have enough time
So let's can we can we get the a side to the head to and I hear there's a comedy break in the middle of it
I hear you go into some gun control kind of stand up, but still rhymes
That's for you to decide
I heard that halfway through you broke your ankle and then the rest of the recording is just a live transcript of the hospital
Yep
I heard you also got John Lithgow to do a guest
There's the doctor. Yes, you actually collaborated with me on this track. John Lithgow and Vincent Price to to be on
To be on this track with you
In the time it took you all to describe that there's a wrap about gun control with Vincent Price in it
It goes into a sketch that gets interrupted with an injury
That's part of which is real audio from the hospital trip
But then we did pick up so John Lithgow was the doctor. You could have just listened to the track
We were why don't we we would just enough time before our last commercial break. Can we get a beat on?
It's 9 11. Oh, is that an alarm the clock is making?
It's 9 11 right now gun control is a major issue get your mama on the issue
I'm a gun gun control
rapper
Gun control is on the roll put the hammer on the lever and go out the go got the barrels and the chambers
And the bump stocks gonna be a lot safer. Mr. Gun control. They call me on Monday
Then on Tuesday they call me
Mr. Gun control
Then on Wednesday
They call me something different because I am C
So they drop the mr. And call me mc gun control
mc gun control is what I am Wednesday through Thursday
Then I'm fighting. I do yoga and they call me
Loch Nari
I also forgot that Lady Gaga does the hook on this
Gun control yo, what's a gun without control put the trigger on your finger pull it back
Let the feeling linger. That's exactly what happens when you buy a gun gun control awareness is number one
for against what you talking about be aware of it before you are an astronaut
We're gonna blast ourselves in a space the whole human race in your gun face down. Let's go
I
want
Gun control get out of here
Harry Henderson
gun control
John Lithgow l to the i
thgow. You don't know why I'm just a man from outer space
I'm gonna hear to save the gun control awareness race
Hey gun control be aware of it all on the leth go
Yo, yo, yo, yo
That was that didn't work out very good that also though
Ow my leg
That really happened though
No
Leave it in the song
Leave it
No, leave it. No, leave it
Gun control
Vincent Price, Vincent Price breakdown
Spooky Vincent Price breakdown
One two bullets in my shoe spooky spiders coming for you
Everything sinister when you're gay and you're not allowed to say it today one day in the future
I'll be allowed, but all the children will be over plowed with bullets. That's the real mummy
Special feature
Vincent Price posthumously come out
In that song. Yeah, he wasn't allowed back then right because it was sinister cellulite closet. Yeah, he probably saw that
But he wish he was here in today where he would be more accepted
But he's like how ironic my kids would be killed or yeah, my friends kids or my adopted kids
Yeah, because because okay. Yeah
It's all right. Yeah, I like him better because he's gay
Dude, what don't even imply that that's not the case with me
You just tried to high road me about about gave in some price. He's my hero. You just made a mistake because I wasn't
Well, maybe you're obsessed with gayness because you think it's like more important than all the great work. He did
Pricing, I don't think so. Well
Seems weird
Who do you think won?
Vote now
Don't forget your spider votes will climb up your face and make you scared
Looks like
Looks like you guys had a real fun time at that toga party this weekend. Wow. Wow. Everybody got uh
Just up and yeah, it must have been real nice. It's been real nice. Have fun. I've been invited to one of those
Wow, how how is that?
It looks good. Looks fun. Yeah
A lot of fun. You sent steve levy off to go. Yeah from the from the march for our lives
Yeah, steve levy had to go off and buy togas to a party that seemed pretty pretty fun pretty fun
Dino is there
Wow
Like every weekend, I don't I was a guest at a toga party. So you didn't have fun. I had plenty of fun
Okay, all right, this is guilty. I can't invite other people to uh, the friends of the voice in your head
We all like michael
It was his engagement party our friend michael waldrin who works at starburn's industry and you and you were like
Oh shab and and davidson and and aren't here. I guess okay
Dan probably just thought that we didn't support their engagement. So I don't think he that's probably why dan didn't invite us to michael's
I don't think he gave it a second time. I just remembered. I did a thing
Here's it. Here's a weird thing. I did at the part at michael waldrin's
Toga themed engagement party. He had a basket of
Of blankets that were kind of like
I think they're like
Like leave behinds like like like like party favors like you it's a toga party. You might get cold
We're on a patio take this night. They got ordered
They got a bunch of blankets and I think you could like wrap it around your shoulder and then leave with it
It's kind of a kind of a thoughtful
Interesting little artisanal idea
I uh
I started realizing
At some point I bet it's gonna get cold and I saw somebody wearing one of them and I here's what I did
I went down to the basket
Because I was I was like i'm hot right now the sun's out, but it's gonna get cold later
And these blankets are gonna be gone
So I took a blanket a free blanket that was like in a full basket like representing all this hospitality and I I
Like I imagine I was like hunched over like a like a candy cane posture because I became just the stop motion villain
I creeped off into the underbrush
uh
the outskirts of their home and I
Uh, it the blanket is probably still there right now because I hid it
I hid the blanket the way I hid uh the brown deer public library's only copy of slaughterhouse 5 because I had too many books
And I couldn't get it so I hid it because no one else deserved it
Jesus christ
So you never wore the blanket? No, I never needed it. It was fine
And there were plenty of blankets to go around you didn't go ahead retrieve it and put it back in the blanket
It wasn't the issue. You were too ashamed. Well, no, I never thought about it again. I'm a fucking sociopath
Dan I've known you for a long time. You've committed various crimes. That's that's your most egregious
I didn't I'm not a sociopath because like whatever the uh, I felt like like it was the opposite problem
A sociopath would be like well, maybe it'll get cold
I guess I could mug one of these people for their blankets or whatever
I was like never use it and never put it back. That's what a sociopath does. So you were there and you're like, oh
I don't miss my friends
It's it's someone else's engagement party like what what do you guys want them to do invite every human
Look, I'm not even I'll have you know, I was invited
So now talk to him. He threw this shit away at the end of the march
Cody was like, okay, so like I'll see you later, right? And I was like what and she's like waldren's thing
And I was like what's thing and she was like
Happens happens. I guess I wasn't
As soon as I was invited, but you know waldren probably better than I do the church because you work with him day in and day out
Day in and day out every day. Michael waldren. Also, Michael waldren is probably one of the biggest
Donators to the nra that works at starburns
I think he bankrolled
Follow the follow the money rob church follow the money on both sides. There are many sides to this issue
Follow the money is such a funny goddamn phrase. I remember like follow the money
Somebody uh, somebody pointed out that pat say jack
Was uh that his his twitter account is just him in his twilight years kind of like he he was a big climate change denier
And then he would he would use hashtag he would he would say stuff about climate change being full of shit
And then he used the hashtag follow the money
He's supposed to follow the climate change non-denial money
Where does that money go? I mean, I guess we'll probably always work. He goes to pizza gate
You know where that money goes to buying more valves
Yeah
Games at chuck willery. That's a hilarious joke
This is really good. See that's why that's why I missed the live audience because buying vows
Oh, it would have killed I
But don't you think it's nice that we got used to not needing an audience?
I like that because it's like you just respect jokes for what they are regardless of the reaction they get
Or not laugh at them. Yeah, I just go like it's like it's like it's like we're gonna
We're gonna go start doing shows. We're getting kicked out of here next
We're gonna start doing shows with an audience. Yeah, we haven't even mentioned that
I'm doing it. I'm doing an all-live show at the Saban theater in Beverly Hills. It's all um
Steven Tyler jokes
God dammit Jesus
By the way, the the week that you decided to take off is the week we had to do ads for the fucking boner pill
Bald people. Yeah that you talked us into doing what?
Yeah, I didn't talk. Oh, I please my god
I said, oh my we could make it funny, but it wasn't like I was like well, we made it funny
Yeah, me and Dan made a real funny. Can we play it back? Do we have do we have the audio on that? No?
I don't want you to yeah, but yeah, play it back. Let's take the time to find it and then
pipe it through the sound system
For the play it back for the no audience
For Jeff who hasn't heard it. Let's just take we're on a stage
30 40 minutes at the top of this episode
We're we're on the stage with with lights, but with no audience. We're basically just
Do it glorified. Let's do it calar brothers
Do it
Wait, so you're saying that it's my fault that you guys did a bad boner pill ad or I'm not saying it's your fault
I'm saying I'm saying I'm saying that that that come on
You know, that's ours. I'm saying it's ironic that what that the the night that you were like nah
Can I not come in which up by the way the answer is always yes because really the alternative
No, I don't you don't no one no one really we have a choice. No one should be forced to be here
Don't don't you don't you start to be here?
Yeah, I don't even know if you're asked to be here tonight
I don't know if I was asked to be here. You were supposed to be here. So you're definitely not
You were actually asked to not be at the sheriff that I believe
I'm not doing that. I believe that I believe
Yeah, do you know in prison they call hands dick beaters?
It's been how long an hour 20 minutes. I've been sitting on that all night
Dick beaters dick beaters dick beaters. Yo, man give those dick beaters off of me
Yo, man, don't be touching my shit with those dick beaters
Man, you gotta you gotta type that program in with dick beaters. That's the computer lab
So take your dick beat them and ball it into a fist. So I made it with my own two dick
Do they say it every time like like every single if you say give me a hand
They won't they will just stare at you in confusion. Let's give him a big dick beater.
Come on, Johnny Cash is here. Put your dick beaters together
Put your dick beaters together. I see a show of dick beaters. Who liked the Salisbury steak?
Raise your dick beater. 25! A show of dick beaters.
A show of dick beaters?
By a show of dick beaters. Can we get a show of dick beaters?
It's good, right? I learned that on a podcast. Do you want Salisbury steak tonight or fried chicken?
My show of dick beaters. Sorry, I've still tickled pink mother. It's funny.
You tickled pink my dick beaters. So I'm sorry I missed that show, but was it a goodie?
I don't you know are they they're they're never good. I it's just we show up and we'll come up with it.
It was a precocious episode. It was it was uh, I mean it was tonight's show good. It wasn't I mean whatever
Who wants to open that box? We'll find out right after this.
No, I tell you the kids in the...
Tonight? Oh, sorry. We going to commercial?
Miso Thielenoma. Right after this.
Goldbond powder. Goldbond powder. Goldbond powder. It's powder that is gold.
Hello.
I'm Lewis Johnson Jr.
I'm cured.
I'm cured. Goldbond powder cures Miso Thielenoma.
And makes you fly. Goodbye.
Ditches and dragas do we play? Oh, yeah, let's play us. Let's play. Let's play a shitload of D&D.
All right. Well, how much is a shitload are we? It's I mean it's two buttloads.
Oh, yeah. It's two buttloads. I want to know. Oh, I know. We're right down. We're right down schedule.
All right. Let's bring our Steve Levy and maybe we'll say a sad farewell to church, everybody.
Don't think it was listening to church. Think it was gaining a Levy.
My phone pronounces it Levy.
You had a good time at the toga party.
I had a great time. I shut that place down and closed it down last night. You were like, go home.
Yeah, get out of here. Yeah. He doesn't like you guys anymore. Get the fuck out of here.
Steve Levy is a caliber of performer capable of removing the human head at 50 yards. Now ask yourself.
Is that a powerful gun? We think it is at the M.C. Gun Control Foundation.
Can't pin him down.
Can't pin him down. That's the formula. It's like it's Pat, but ideologically Steve Levy.
Steve Levy. Yeah. Depending on your phone's preference. Steve Levy.
Have you ever seen? What?
So anyway, I was walking to the grocery store and okay.
All right. Okay. It's been a thousand years. We might need a good proper five minute recap
to bring us back up to speed. I think I need a soda. I don't know that we have soda. All right.
Oh, probably no music. I don't remember what happened. We were in Dornester and there was
Shrove and there was a dragon. They went into the theater and then they went to the basement and
they they were about to enter the theater. So they had just not given up and Diarrhea ran off
and then you guys decided to look for him. You decided that the most obvious place to look for
him was in the theater and then you broke into the theater. You went into the kitchen. You went
to the stage looking around. Oh, shit. There's soda. Someone get me a soda and then that one happened.
I have written down. Oh, you start making poop noises. We were making fart sounds. I think we
were bursting in in a fight. I think we just kind of burst in the door. We're about to have their
well that's the end. But yeah. So we're in the theater trying to rescue DJ. Yeah. So DJ is tied
up. Oh, thanks so much. DJ is tied up. Who else is tied up? Patchens is also tied up. And you
guys just burst through the room. And yeah, you were you were you were going. It was about to
be the start of combat or something. Here we go. Yeah. Who are we looking at? I look. I examine
my surroundings. Hell yeah. That's the best thing anyone can do. Oh, fucking god damn it.
Schrab. Schrab just spilled his kiss me. I'm Monday mug. You can get your
so more kiss me on Monday mugs. Yeah, that's why I couldn't man. I couldn't if I tried.
All right. So you're in an under yeah, you're in an underground room. Shameless pretend
mugs pill just to sell more of your wonderfully reasonably priced mugs, which we've already
heard of selling well, not that you need more more sales. There was a point. You'll get them.
There was a point in our Harmontown team meeting where we were mad that you're selling more mugs
and we don't have any merchandise. But Rob Schrab is cleaning up and that kissed me on Monday
mug business. The other one is closing in. We know that was the other part of the call.
How's your free mug? Ask dick. Yeah. Yeah. That's exactly what it is. Good old Garry Shandling.
He sold a hundred of them. That's what I heard. He's cleaning up. What's the price point on one
of your mugs, Rob? I don't know. I get like two bucks a mug. Two bucks a mug. That's almost
$200. Yeah. I mean, we shouldn't be so quick to fill his coffers before worrying about our bottom line.
You can buy him on tpublic.com. Rob Schrab's store. I find him offensive and I don't think
they'll forward slash. I don't give a shit. Forward slash Weinstein. No, don't even. Don't
even. Why you gotta do that? I'm just looking at. Why do you have to destroy? I'm looking at mine and
I'm just trying to find out how to buy one of your one of your pro sexual harassment mugs. Stop it.
Let's play D&D. Yes. Instead of shit. Rob's playing his character from Dead Ale Wives sketch.
What? It makes sense to the right people. You're in an underground room. No. So you're in a low
ceiling to underground room, black wooden stained wooden boards. There's low like from candles that
are on the walls. There's a table and a couple chairs. Yeah. Diarrhea is tied up against the wall
and you see against the opposite wall. Patches is tied up. He seems knocked out. There's three
people who upon you bursting in the room just left to their feet and are scrambling for their
weapons right now as we speak. Where am I? You are at home. I thought I came along. Well,
they left. They left the town. Yeah, I thought I came along. You can. I thought I did. Okay. Well,
you will arrive shortly. Okay. I will arrive shortly. Like in one turn or so, but you'll burst
in because you'll be catching up. Okay. So how close is DJ? How close are DJ and Patchens to
each other and how close to our foes here? DJ is 20 feet from you. Patchens is about 10 feet from
you. And the enemies? They're like halfway. They're closer. They're kind of in the middle.
They're humans? There's one orc. There's two humans in one orc. I turned to what's your name,
Carlos? As a Carlos, why don't you open the bidding on this ass kicking? Gentlemen,
I've been put in charge of opening the ass kicking.
I'm going to cast Summon Monster 2. Yeah. Okay. And I've selected the monster that I'd like to
summon. All right. And its name is Goblin Dog. Sounds good. It's my favorite favorite. I'm gonna go
Goblin some dog, man. Goblin dogs, no. There's a built-in like they're not gonna attack my friends.
Your Summon monsters tend to, I think, attack enemies.
If you're just joining us, and I think that's how people watch information these days,
they flip through channels on their laptop. I've just summoned a Goblin dog. And it arrives
presently. Whose name is what? Well, I didn't name him. Yeah, it comes from a different plane.
He's gonna be gone. I mean, I don't... I mean, it's a little... You don't want to get too close.
Rufus. The Goblin dog leaps into existence. It has the frame of like a Marmaduke kind of dog,
but it's the shape and fashion of more of our giant rat. So it's like... Greetings! Oh. Oh, no!
Oh, Rob's playing the guy. It does seem that way. I heard that I was summoned.
Hey, Goblin dog. Yes. Do you have a name? Rufus. Rufus. The Goblin dog.
Well, why not cut the jibber-jabber and get to fighting? I'm going to cut some of this jibber
and jabber. Let me put on my bib and my... pull out my knife and fork. And I'm going to go after
these baddies. Are you going to eat them, or do you use knife and fork as weapons?
What knife and fork? I'm going to eat them. Okay. All right. What do you do when you put
on a bib and you pull out your knife and fork and lick your lips? I have limited Goblin dog
experience. I'm just... What the fuck are you doing? Sorry. Sorry. I am. You can do their
taxes with a fork and a knife? Dan is fidget spinning for the audience. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm
getting the light here. I better move. No, no, I'm just... No, that was a joke for Cody because I...
Do you think she's watching? She's watching? No, she's probably... she's gotta be...
She's probably in love with someone else by now. Okay. Here I go. Attack.
Attacking. How do you do it? Describe it. Well, what I'm good to do is I have my knife,
which is very sharp, and my fork, which has got four prongs in it. And I'm good to just kind of
stab and cut and chew and bite and, you know, in between I'll dab my chin with my bib.
That happens. You hit one of the guys as he's going for a weapon, and he takes five damage.
Yeah, that's right. The fork and knife. Can you describe the damage? Like,
I want to know how this Goblin dog uses his fork and knife. Like you'd use a fork and knife. There's
little slices and... What is the big conundrum here? It's a fork and a knife. You go, what are you
going to do with that? Who is... is he with you? Could somebody explain? He doesn't have hands.
He's a dog. You don't know that. Steve, you're up next. I'm still tied up, right?
Yep, but you can spend an action. Oh. Chad, untie me. I go over and untie DJ.
Oh, that's great, because it's now your turn. Do you have dexterity? What's your dexterity?
Do I have dexterity? He asks. I do. Dexterity is 16.
You're going to eat that, Mike, bro. Yeah, bro. 16. It doesn't... it doesn't work. It's... it's tied
really tight in the... in the thick of battle. You're telling me it's 16. You can't untie this.
You can't untie a rope? He's trying to avoid being hit and stuff, too. It's like your dodging attacks.
All right. Do I get... like, do I loosen it a little bit? Thanks for nothing. Oh, yeah, you loosen it
a lot. Okay, it's bad guy's turn. They finish scrambling to their weapons.
You can see one of them is like pulling on like a big robot puncher glove kind of thing,
like a big full body arm, and the other guy has something that looks kind of like a... like a hand
gun. Just like a modern day handgun. And then the other guy grabs a sword and as he... and as he
holds it aloft, it's like... and it becomes fire sword. Oh, shit. Geez. I love fire. And then they...
they form like a three-man formation that looks dynamic. You guys are going to bring a fire sword
to chad the fire like or fight? Can you over... light his sword so that it's just burning his hand?
Kind of like it. Hang on. Do I have a spell that... I control fire, right?
To an extent. There's a spell you have control fire. I think it's dance turn, though.
Gentlemen, there's no need for a quarrel between the church of the silver flame and the dragon marked.
I have to... you certainly seem to think you know what you're talking about, but
none of that means anything to me. Oh. Haha. What? It's, you know, like this is during combat.
Oh, right. Yeah. Well, I... I was mostly thinking that stuff. Oh, sorry. No, no. I mean, I thought
I was gonna... I'm willing to... I did want to take a shot at like just communicating with them,
and you're saying it didn't work. Yeah, they were the incorrect. So I kind of lose... I don't get to
also then go, in that case, I'll smash their brains in. Yeah, no, you get free... you get free talking.
Is that like... host privilege? No, it's within reason. You can... you couldn't like read a book,
but you could like have a few... Because I'm like charging my spirit hands and going, gentlemen,
you really don't... okay. And now, here's the thing. Whoo-hoo! Boy, oh boy, I am gonna...
I am going to cast Divine Favor on... No, you know what? Wait, wait, hold on a second. I want to see
if there's anything I can do to get... Hey, room out! Let him talk. Well, I just want... I just...
for a second there, I was like, wait, I should be focusing on getting diarrhea free. I'm just saying,
because they saw you kind of fishing. So I'm saying, let the man... I'm gonna cast...
I'm gonna cast Divine Favor on Chad, which just gives him plus one for every three levels.
You've done it. You touch him with your magic finger, and it enhances him with God's might.
I just thought, you're over there, you're doing great. Yeah. Just want to support.
Goblin dog, signal boost. Okay, now it's my turn. I grab the nearest one by the leg and chew on it
like corn on the cob. The same one you attacked? Sorry, I didn't hear that. The closest. Okay,
let's say it's the same one. All right, you miss. You lunge it... I miss chewing on his leg. You
lunge it his leg as if to chew. I miss it, so I'm doing this to the air that makes no sense. You find
yourself chewing the leg of a table and or chair. Is it really dark? You can't tell because you're
too close. Too close to the table leg. Or chair. Or chair to know if it's a chair. Have you ever
tried to eat a guy's leg who didn't want his leg eaten? Yeah, I did last week. Were you there? No?
Oh, okay. Because you wouldn't know. Sorry. So you chewed it, you successfully chewed the last
guys? How did you know that he didn't want his leg chewed? He said out. Spence, I want to use my
knowledge of engineering to get myself out of these... Ropes. Do you have that as a skill?
Are there ranks by it? It says total bonus six. Okay, you do it. Using your keen like Sherlock Holmes
movie vision, you see the holes in the knots and stuff and you are able to quickly shout
the instructions necessary to shout them? Well, if you wanted, you could tell Chad exactly how
to do it since you can't you can't move, you know. Chad, you got to stick your thing in the loop
here and then pull real hard and then go underneath me and then lift me up on your shoulders and then
drop me real fast and then pull the biggest loop real hard. Like a yo-yo. I do that. All right,
he flips around like a yo-yo and is very quickly on his feet and untied, although you don't have
your stuff with you. I don't have my stuff. No, you can take some sort of action now because that
was... Can I use charge to get my stuff? You don't know where your stuff is. Oh, I don't know where
it is. Not off hand. You kind of just regain consciousness recently. All right. Well, I want
to be a distraction, so I'm just going to run in circles yelling, eat my ass bastards and try to
make them really confused. I'm not telling you not to do that, but you love that idea. Before you do
that, you get the sense that doing that will open you up to between three and seven attacks
by realizing the rules of the game. That's how you know this stuff. But those would all be people
who would otherwise attack us. Yeah, that's the thinking. But no, they're free attacks, so you'd
be taking free damage. Three? Free. It wouldn't profit me at all if you did that. You can try and
be distracting, but running near them in a circle, I think, is the most dangerous way to be distracting.
Okay, well, then I look around the room while I yell, eat my ass bastards. Okay, so you're just
trying to be distracting without suicide. It's not very distracting. They quickly clock that
you're unarmed and just trying to be distracting. Yeah, I'm sorry. I need better dice. So did I die?
No, but your distraction is not distracting. Oh, do I see where my stuff is? No, you're just
running around being distracting. Okay, that's fine. That's a success in my mind.
I can I cast a level one and a level two or just like just one two different turns. Yeah,
two different. Okay, tree shape, I turned into a tree. But there's a lead up to this,
that there's going to be something else that happens. I just I become a tree that gives me
plus 10 to my armor class. Oh, yeah. I'm a tree now. Are we like, we're in the middle of a room?
Okay, I'm now a fucking tree in the middle of the room. And I kind of like, do I have facial
features or am I just a full on tree? You have two things that might look kind of like eyes. Okay,
I take one limb and kind of like give my team a thumb like this is going to pay off. Yeah,
but right now, I'm thinking on the fact that me turning into a tree in the middle of a combat
is going to fucking freak them out and put them off, like put them on their back heel for a moment.
You bank on that. Yes, you're a beautiful tree. Thank you. A shambling mount appears.
How are you doing? Just coming through me and Gary. That's me too. I'm walking through the
building and I'm seeing a tree and you and he and we're going to be friends forever. I'm here.
What's going on, guys? The tide of the battle is turning.
I thought I just honked. You fucking nailed that.
Yeah, I'm a tree. I'm a tree. How are you doing? Play it cool, Gary. Hello. How are you doing?
Play it cool. Dog creature. Well, I was summoned to help out here. Really? I gave you plus one
on all of your defense and offense and you turned into a tree. I have another spell.
Just do it. Get through another round and just watch. What? Somebody explain to me what's been
going on since I showed up before. I turned myself into a tree. Talk without moving your limbs.
Talk without moving enough speech to take a turn. What? This is a lot of speech. Right?
We're in combat, so if you keep talking, then I'm not going to have... Well, I need to know
what's going on. Well, you can see that with your sensory. I can see what happened before I showed up.
No, what currently is happening. But I don't know what's going on.
No, you can see what's going on. No, I'm telling you, you can see what's going on.
Before I came here, I could see what's going on. No, you're currently here and you can currently
see currently what's going on. There's a fight going on. What's going on? I'm a tree and there's
a fight. Get the guys that you don't know. Hit the people that you don't know who they are.
Okay, I grab the guy who's got the flaming sword and I grab him by the wrist and I shake it.
And I go, what are you doing? Put that down. Put it down. What are you doing? All right.
What are you doing with that? Put it down. No, put it down. What are you doing? What are you doing
with that? Come on. What are you doing with that? We're doing a flaming sword. Put it down.
All right, you do that. You lunge at him and he slashes you with his flaming sword. It deals 18
damage. Even after I was saying all of that? No, but then you grab him and then you grab him
with your massive shambling arnhem and you crush his wrist. So now you're holding him by the wrist
and you got him by his sword hand, but in that process you took damage. How much health does
shambling have? Well, that doesn't sound good. No, no, you have a lot. That's what I was laughing
about. But did you tell him that I'm saying all this stuff, that I'm shaking his hand and I'm saying,
tell him that I'm saying... Oh, I told him. Put it down. What are you doing? No, I told him.
What are you doing? You slashing me? What if I did that to you? You wouldn't like it. All right.
Wouldn't like it. Keep acting like this. I'm going to take your pants down from all these people.
Whose turn is it? No, it's my turn. I'm going to give you a lickin'. All right. One of the guys,
he identifies the shambling mound as the biggest threat and... Hey!
Hey! I get known. I'm known here. This guy's the puncher guy. He's the orc.
He tries to punch at you. He charges up his punch, right? And it's like this big robot device.
And you can see it's all like warring and steaming and piston-ing and it just explodes.
Oh. His fist explodes. Yeah, it just explodes. Like a misfire? Yeah. So that was a critical
fail on a robot punch? Yeah, it blows him in half. Do he died? Yeah. Hell yeah.
Through no fault of your own. You scared him to explosion.
You see that? You see what happens? You see what happens? Drop it. All right. Put it down. The other
guy shoots... He points the gun at you guys and shoots it and it fires like... It looks like a
lightning bolt. If someone just casts lightning bolt and it just blasts through the room. It cuts
through the room. It hits all four of you guys. What caliber is that? What caliber is that?
For how much damage it spends? 4d6. No, 3d6. We all get hit? Yeah, you all get hit. I deduct.
Yep. I can't remember my hit points.
Look at your sheet. Well, I'm looking at it, but I can't remember how much damage I have had.
We all had healed before. It's not true. It's not true. Remember, I'm a tree right now with
plus 10 to my armor class. Oh, right. And trees actually have lightning resistance. Yeah. I don't
know if that's true. The shambling mound has got lightning resistance. That might be true.
You guys are going to... You guys are going to be so proud of me when you find out why I turned
myself into a tree. It better be a good pun at the end of this. It's not going to be a pun. I mean,
honestly, I don't... I don't remember you having 14, but I could be wrong. Okay. I'll go with that.
Sounds right. So, I now have... Five. Five. If I'm right. Yeah. Wait, we took 11 damage? No, he took
nine damage. You took 13 damage. Wow. You got hit harder. I didn't get any. I didn't take any damage.
No, I got to see if you're resistant. Because I'm shambling. I shamble out of the way of the lightning.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. You're immune to electricity. See? Yeah. And that's why you turn yourself into a tree.
And he is... I'm a swamp thing, motherfucker. Motherfucker. I'm like swamp thing. I'm immune to electricity,
motherfucker. Motherfucker. Motherfucker. I'm immune. Carlos, do you have a group healing spell?
Do you have... If you have channel energy, you do. I have channel energy. Tune into channel energy.
It wasn't what I was going to do next. You don't have to. And I don't even know.
Well, I mean, I think I'm close to death here. Okay. All right. Fine. Everyone within 30 feet
gets a 2D6 heal if I channel energy. Hey, no harm. All right. So, Dan, you get back five,
and you two get back six. But you haven't taken damage, right? No, because I'm a tree. Right.
Yeah. But I took damage before, man. Can I get some of that healing? You get six. I get healed.
Six. I get six healed. Yeah. So you keep it track of this because I don't have a pencil.
You're at 10 now. Somebody... I'm not. You're not keeping track of it? No. I mean, I'm loosely
keeping track of it. Okay. Well, I'm loosely... How much HP does Chamling have overall? He's taken
12 damage at this point. But what's his total? What was his total? You don't know. How much am I giving?
Okay. Sorry. You go. Oh, no. Oh. What were you saying? Well, no, I cast the
Chat Channel's Energy. Okay. It's Goblin Dog's last turn. Do you want to have him do anything?
Yes. Give me something to do. Well, just attack... You could attack me? What did I do?
It's his last attack before he goes away. Well, and Diarrhea Jr. has been freed of his tethers?
Yeah. Okay. And yeah, these aren't complicated creatures. They're summoned, and they attack,
and they don't attack. So, yeah, I have them attack the... Can I change that to the weakest
looking guy? Yeah. Which is... Which is what... Which one is it? Which is the weakest?
Well, I... Which is the weakest one? Doesn't your Goblin Dog instinct...
Kind of... Aren't you able to kind of sense weakness?
Sure. Oh, that's your choice then. Okay. I attack the guy with the lightning gun,
and I go up and I just... I just kind of chew on his face.
All right. Chew on his face a little. Do you want to roll? You chew it. I did already.
And? Five damage. You bite him right on the face. You rip open his lip.
It's gross. Good job, Goblin Dog. Good job, Goblin Dog. That was...
Young girls. Wait, Goblin Dog. Yes? Your name was... Rufus. Yep. Thumbs up.
Going back to hell. He disappears. He returns to hell.
I really liked him. I liked that guy. All right, Steve's turn.
I'm still a tree, right? Yeah. As far as I understand. Yes, sir.
Do any of you guys have a weapon that I could borrow for this attack?
Can a tree hand him a weapon? No. Your stuff is a tree. I'm a tree.
Yeah, you would have been able to. Can I rip a branch off of... No. Yeah, you can.
I could give you something. What do you got? I didn't...
Sorry. I didn't describe this this time. I described it last time, but I forgot to...
Yeah. There's a target. It's like a throwing knife target on the wall that's full of throwing
knives. Oh, that's... I mean... Okay, great. Can I dart to the target? You're already near it.
Oh, can I pull out... Careful. Three throwing knives? Are they heavy? Yeah, they're really light.
Okay, so I'll pull out a couple of those, and I want to throw them at the fire sword's chest.
Okay. His hand is being grabbed, so he can't dodge as well.
Yeah. But you're not proficient. What's your dexterity? Oh, God. It's 15 plus two.
Yeah. No, you miss. It whizzes by his head. Hey, what are you doing? I'm sorry. I thought...
I'd be able to hit him while you were holding him still. It's Jeff's turn. Entangle!
That was a big thing. Can I be my own entanglement device now that I'm a tree?
I'm going to look it up, but let's just say yes for now. Because I now can use woodland the branches
and vines to entangle plants, everyone in 40-foot radius. All right. I'm just trying to entangle them.
So do we get entangled also? No, no, I'm aiming at the bad guys. That's the thing,
is I feel like I'm going to have to look this up, because I think you might entangle anyone.
Just follow your heart, follow your heart. I'm going to just say for now that it's just fine.
Okay. But I think everyone technically might be entangled. But let's not worry. Everyone?
Okay. Well, okay. If I find Tangle, everybody. So it's willy-nilly? I have no control over who I
entangle? Well, it's area-based, and we're in a small confine. But I don't know. Let's just say...
I had big plans. I know. Let's just say for now, because I'm not sure, and I don't want to look it
up. Let's just say you... Fuck it. I entangle everybody, because we can talk it out. Yeah.
We can talk this shit out. I want to be in that wrong... I entangle everything in a 40-foot
radius, and I'm just a big entangler. Right. But it's not like chains or anything. It just
makes it harder. It's like fighting through a maze. Okay. So I haven't changed anything. Well,
you have. Yeah. They're definitely currently bound. They're just not... I was going to just
tangle if fuckers happen. Well, what happens? There's a fire sword in the mix. Well, it's being held.
Yeah. Oh. I got it taken care of. Yeah. Fuck it. I knew it this. I'm a druid that hasn't really
figured this shit out. I just started entangling. Fuckers, now everyone's caught in my web of
entanglement. Yep. And I hold his flaming sword up high away from the tangles, so they don't catch
fire. Right. Yeah. Because they don't catch fire if it's held up high. That works. Yeah. And I'm
still shaking it, and I'm telling him to... What is he doing? What are you doing? Don't do that.
Thank you, Garry Shandling. You're welcome, Chad. Is that your whole turn? Do you want to do other
stuff? Is it my turn? Yeah. I start kicking him. Kicking him in his shins. All right. I go and...
You big man? You a big man now? You a big man? Does he answer? Does he ever say anything? How's
Patchen's doing? Patchen's is unconscious. Does he say... He's probably entangled. He says ow. Yeah. You
hit him for 16 damage. Oh, shit. What? You kicked the fuck out of his shins. Yeah. I'm kicking him
in his shin and ass. Yeah. And I go, you stupid mother... That hurts more than the lightning?
I don't know. Wow. You break his knees. Whoa. Yeah. You don't want to get a Shambling kick.
Who's that? It's like Edward Norton in American History X.
So the guy with broken knees tries to break free, and he does. He falls to the ground just trying
to slice with his flaming sword, and he hits the tree, and so he's going to catch it on fire.
Oh, come on. I love fire. Oh. I hope you love being on it. My name is the Fire Liker.
All right. You take 13 fire damage. Bullshit. All right. He does that. The other guy,
he's got the Zapcaster... Well, you don't know that's what it's called. That's really its name,
Zapcaster. It's a working title, but yeah. Most of the stuff is behind the scenes terminology,
because it doesn't come up. But yeah, he can't pull himself free from the entanglement to shoot
anybody with his gun. Yeah. Because I'm a tree. Is fire damage over time? Yeah. Well, it'll keep
burning. Yeah, it keeps burning unless it's put out. So now it's Dan's turn. So one person's dead.
One person is very crippled and on the floor. They only kind of managed to catch something on
fire while they were falling out of the grass boom monster. And then the guy, the other guy's
entangled. Oh. You're entangled, kind of. Okay. Well, is there anyone within attack range of
melee-wise? Uh, no. You've been kind of out of the fray, I think. All right. Well, then I'm just
gonna do a good old solar flare blinding everyone in the room. Can you do that more than once a day?
Did I already do it today? You did it once today. Yeah. Because I did it in the bathroom? Yeah,
that was the same day. I mean, I said I was doing a solar flare. It was the expression of how the
tacos were hitting me. You might be able to do more than once per day. I'm not sure. No, it says
once per day. No, it doesn't say that, but it doesn't say more than once. Okay. Well, try this
on for size. How do you like this? Here's something I can do more than once a day.
Zip. Yeah. Channel energy and heal everybody within 30 feet. That's what I do. I'm a healer.
It's not a good ending, but... Do I grow bigger? No, but you heal. I'm already healed. You heal three.
Steve heals six. Jeff heals four. Dan heals six. I'm not writing this down. It's fine. Steve's writing
it down. Or if he's not, it's fine. No, I'm writing it down. Yeah, so everyone is healed for that
amount. We got this one guy that's crippled. People are still untangled. How many rounds are they
untangled for? At least two more. Steve. I mean, can I move at all? What's my...
You're being entangled, so you can try to move, but you might fail. Okay. Is it sort of... Would you
say like all the vines and stuff were sort of like its own dungeon? Sure. Could I use my knowledge
of dungeoneering and maneuver through the... Oh, Steve. Wow. You can try. It's not a word game.
It's a game of the imagination. You don't gain meaningful insight from the vines.
Because they're not a dungeon at all. Or because you can't connect them to a dungeon.
Maybe there's a dungeon... Because they're... They're vines. Well, maybe there's like a
dungeon of the vines, but he's just never been there to connect... A dungeon of the vines.
There is one. I'm saying it now. The bad guy is like, have you guys heard of the dungeon of the
vines? Oh my god. Oh, damn. Wow. So is my turn over? Can I... No, you just don't know. You...
All right. So then I do my best to get to the closest enemy and try to... And I'll just keep
way on punching them if I make it. Okay. You do that. Hell yeah. So you're punching... Which guy?
Whoever's closest. Who's the guy? The... Yeah, the crippled guy's closest. I'm just gonna...
Yeah. Just keep punching him while he's down until his face is all bloody and like his bones
start cracking. What's your strength bonus? 18 plus four. That's a lot of... You hit him for five
damage. Fuck yeah. All right. You knock him out. Eat my shit, you bitch.
Eat my shit. You... That could be. Yeah. Moment pass. Who's turn? Jeff's turn. Can I... Can I
do a firebolt as a tree or am I just a tree? No, you gotta come back from a tree to not entangle.
Is that one turn? Let's see. You can do it as a free action. Okay. Free action. I untree.
And I shoot firebolt at crippled guy. Okay. Wait. He just got knocked out. Oh yeah. Fuck
him. I'm gonna kill him. Okay. You missed. Jesus Christ. It's all right guys. I've been a tree for the last 10 minutes.
Yeah. Shambling mount. I... I run up to the crippled guy that's unconscious. I start stomping on him
like De Niro and Goodfellas. Okay. When he's stomping on the the shinebox guy. So the camera's
like looking up at you. Up at me and I'm going. It's gross. It makes you uncomfortable. It makes
a lot of people make that mistake. That character's name isn't the shinebox guy. He's dead.
He's dead. Gary, you killed him.
Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you. Thank you Jesus Christ in heaven. Thank you. Thank you Saint Peter.
Who are these people he's talking about? Thank you Jesus. I don't know. What was that?
Clefanger. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. The most fitting ending to an episode ever.
Give it up for Steve. Leave it everybody. The best episode. The most fitting ending.
It's a trap. Man. This ended an episode in silence. Yeah. Not even mid like. The credits weren't
even rolling. It was just kind of like. Should we cut? Should we cut? Okay. Let's give it up for
everybody that helps make this awesome. You sang Sarah, Kevin, Chris, Zach, Church.
Tim Morge is here somewhere. Wasn't Tim Morge supposed to be on the show? Is he just hanging
up? Have I forgotten anybody? Oh, especially Quinten in the Game Master. I'm the Comptroller,
Mr. Jeff Davis, your mayor is Dan Harmon. Try fast. Take chances.
Did you get any of that? It's a good show.